Okay.
So we now have a new property called Selected Job Types in our view X Store State.
And so the next thing I want to add is the mutation that's going to update that state.
And obviously this mutation is going to be committed or triggered by the user clicking a checkbox on
a component.
So we're sort of building this feature in reverse to what we did in the previous section.
In the previous section, we built our components first.
Now we're taking care of the view logic first and then moving on to the eventual component.
And either way is fine.
It's kind of a matter of preference.
I think this is kind of beneficial because we're going to try to do things a little bit differently
just to introduce some variety from the previous section.
So with that said, let's open up our mutations test file.
We created a separate test file in the previous section and it was called Mutations that test stock.
Just so you can see all of our mutations here.
And as I scroll down, we have a test for our ADD selected organizations mutation.
And in my opinion, we can basically copy and paste this test and modify it because our logic for receiving
job types is probably going to be very similar.
Once again, imagine we're brand new employees and we're simply following the principles that we have
found in our code base.
We may agree with them, we may disagree with them.
We may think they can be built better.
But let's say it's our first day on the job and we just want to get this feature done.
So we're going to follow whatever we see in the code base just to allow us to iterate quicker.
So let's say I'm going to copy this test right here and then modify it accordingly.
So if our mutation is going to have a name of ad followed by what we're adding in this case, we're
not going to add new selected organizations.
We're going to add new selected job types.
So let's do ads, selected job types, and it's not going to update the organizations that the user
would like to filter the jobs by.
It's going to update the job types the user would like to filter by their jobs by.
Similarly, our state that we're concerned about in this case, the mutation is not going to be selected
organizations instead of we're going to be updating the property that we defined in the previous lesson,
which is just going to be job types.
We're going to start out with a state with an empty array, and we expect that when we call this mutation,
which we have not defined yet, but when we call this mutation, our mutation is going to be called
add selected job types, just like our description.
And we're going to provide the state as well as an array of some job types.
So just to make this a little bit clearer, let's say instead of org one in work, two, we're going
to provide two sample job types.
So for example, we'll do full time and let's do part time.
And then what we expect is after we run this mutation, we'll expect our original state object to have
been modified.
So on my state object, my selected job types property course update.
This will be the array that we received as the mutation second argument.
So this thing right here, so very similar to the test above, we're just going to receive an array
and we're going to override our selected job types to hold that information.
And as the user assume it, you know, we're assuming in the future the user is going to select a bunch
of checkboxes, we're going to get an array of those up to date values.
We're going to overwrite that part of our state.
So we're going to need to define a mutation.
But before we do that, we're going to store a constant for this thing.
So first, let's head to our constants docs file.
And here I'm going to create a new section of constants, let's call it job types in a comment.
And of course, we're going to call our constant ads selected job types, which is the exact same thing
we defined in our tests.
So add selected job types.
Save that or test.
They're not going to pass just by that alone.
However, what we can do afterwards is open up our mutations file.
That's where we are defining all of our mutations.
We can start by importing our newly defined constants to right here.
Add selected job types is the constant we just defined.
And then let's define the mutation for it.
So right here I'm going to use my constant n line reference, its string value as the name of my method.
Any mutation method will always receive the view, text or state as its first argument, and then any
secondary arguments or third arguments are up to us.
We can see in our intended design on the right hand side in our test, that we want the argument here
to be an array of these selected job types.
So let's call it something like job types.
And then what are we going to do?
The exact same thing we did with organizations above.
We're going to take our View Store State, which has a property called Selected Job Types, and we're
simply going to replace the array there with the new array that we are receiving.
And this logic is presumably going to run every single time the user selects a checkbox.
So we're going to let our tests rerun.
I think all of them are rerunning because we modified the constants file and a lot of files are dependent
on it.
But once everything runs, we can see that everything passes.
So things are looking great.
We have a new slice of your store state and then we're going to have the mutation to receive the user
selected job types, which means in theory, in our state, once all of these are up to date, we have
all the information we need to write a getter that's going to use this information and this information
to filter the jobs right here.
And we can technically build that logic out without even worrying about the component yet, because
in theory, we're going to have everything on the view side of things.
So we're going to start wiring up the test for that getter, or maybe a modified getter in the very
next lesson.